🔧(sandbox) allowing multiple forums for a same LTIContext on sandbox (#205)
openfun/ashley: CHANGELOG.md

 - add frontend internationalisation and react components autoload
 - add django rest framework to promote/revoke moderators for current LTIContext
 - add new role moderator and permission to manage moderators

>  - add a lunch url field in the sandbox settings to be able to have multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - add a launch url field in the sandbox settings to be able to have multiple
```

>  - add a launch url field in the sandbox settings to be able to have multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - add a `LTI ID` field in the sandbox settings to be able to have multiple
```
